# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
The great advantage of a method of organization such as this is that it allows for the transfer of information in an easily digestible manner. Quite often, research in this field revolves around text. The ideas and work left behind by those long since gone are the bread and butter of researchers. While all that text is no doubt an invaluable resource, there is the risk of an overbearing quantity of material coupled with a difficulty integrating visual elements. Methods such as these could allow researchers to only organize the texts they research based on the ideas they contain or the context of their creation, as well as include visual material that can compliment their texts. An archaeologist, for example, could record their analysis of journal entry and include visual evidence that may corroborate the account of events presented there. In that way, this website could serve as a digital museum exhibit to organize one’s thoughts.
##Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
It seems to me that, based on what I have described, one could be as detailed as they want and include as many fields as they saw fit to organize the material for their needs. However, for the sake of organization and accessibility, I think a few specific fields must be necessary. I believe firstly one would need a field for the date. Going further, there must also be a field for summarization of text, in this case requiring a quick representation for either the idea presented in the text or the important information it provides for the researcher’s argument as a whole. A field I believe that would be on particular aid to historians and the like would be bibliographic information. Due to the sheer volume of sources and information presented in historical works, it can be helpful to have some sort of record of the source of a particular text along the way, particularly if a historian wishes to compile their bibliography at the end of their work period. Of course this medium too has its shortcomings, particularly with regards to the fact that summarizing text often comes at the cost of nuances, aspects that a historian may want to preserve. Nevertheless, I think that would be a small price to pay for the organizational efficiency this medium provides.
